Added cursor based pagination examples as well as links and references (#22235)
github/docs: content/admin/monitoring-activity-in-your-enterprise/reviewing-audit-logs-for-your-enterprise/using-the-audit-log-api-for-your-enterprise.md

"https://api.github.com/enterprises/avocado-corp/audit-log?phrase=created:2022-01-01&page=1&per_page=100"
```

#### Example with cursor-based pagination

> The query below searches for audit log events created on Jan 1st, 2022 in the `avocado-corp` enterprise, and return the first page with a maximum of 100 items per page using [REST API pagination](/rest/overview/resources-in-the-rest-api#pagination). The `--include` flag causes the headers to be returned along with the response.

Reviewer: I think this typo is my fault 🙃 
```suggestion
The query below searches for audit log events created on Jan 1st, 2022 in the `avocado-corp` enterprise, and returns the first page with a maximum of 100 items per page using [REST API pagination](/rest/overview/resources-in-the-rest-api#pagination). The `--include` flag causes the headers to be returned along with the response.
```

--request GET \
"https://api.github.com/enterprises/avocado-corp/audit-log?phrase=action:pull_request+created:>=2022-01-01+actor:octocat"
```

> ### Example 3: Using cursor based pagination 

Reviewer: Example 1 talks about pagination but doesn't specify that it is page-based pagination. I think it might make sense to move this example up to that section. Something like:

```
### Example 1: All events in an enterprise, for a specific date, with pagination

You can use page-based pagination or cursor based pagination. For more information, see "[Traversing with Pagination](/rest/guides/traversing-with-pagination)."

#### Example with page-based pagination

[THE EXISTING EXAMPLE 1]

#### Example with cursor-based pagination

[YOUR NEW EXAMPLE]
```

> Cursor based pagination uses terms `before` and `after` using links found within the [header of the API request](/rest/guides/getting-started-with-the-rest-api#about-the-response-code-and-headers). For further information,
> see [Traversing with Pagination](/rest/guides/traversing-with-pagination). 
> 
> Example of header links in header output:

Reviewer: To follow the format of the other examples, it might be good to start with an example query, like this:
````suggestion
The query below searches for audit log events created on Jan 1st, 2022 in the `avocado-corp` enterprise, and return the first page with a maximum of 100 items per page using [REST API pagination](/rest/overview/resources-in-the-rest-api#pagination). The `--include` flag causes the headers to be returned along with the response.

```
curl --include -H "Authorization: Bearer TOKEN" \
--request GET \
"https://api.github.com/enterprises/avocado-corp/audit-log?phrase=created:2022-01-01&per_page=100"
```

If there are more than 100 results, the `link` header will include URLs to fetch the next, first, and previous pages of results.
````

```
link: <https://api.github.com/enterprises/13827/audit-log?%3A2022-11-01=&page=1&per_page=100&after=MS42NjQzODMzNTk5MjdlKzEyfDloQzBxdURzaFdVbVlLWjkxRU9mNXc%3D&before=>; rel="next", 
<https://api.github.com/enterprises/13827/audit-log?%3A2022-11-01=&page=1&per_page=100&after=&before=>; rel="first", 
<https://api.github.com/enterprises/13827/audit-log?%3A2022-11-01=&page=1&per_page=100&after=&before=MS42Njc4NDA2MjM4MzNlKzEyfExqeG5sUElvNEZMbG1XZHA5akdKTVE%3D>; rel="prev"
```

> To use this navigation, copy the corresponding link into your request.

Reviewer: Suggestion to avoid introducing another term ("navigation"):

```suggestion
Copy the corresponding pagination link into your next request. For example:
```

```shell
curl -I -H "Authorization: Bearer TOKEN" \
--request GET \

> "https://api.github.com/enterprises/13827/audit-log?%3A2022-11-01=&page=1&per_page=100&after=MS42Njc4NDA2MjM5NDFlKzEyfHRYa3AwSkxUd2xyRjA5bWxfOS1RbFE%3D&before="

Author: I was just plugging in the example values to show that link headers exist whether or not you are using cursor based pagination vs cursor based pagination. Those links I am using were generated in the headers.
